Add a module callback to react to account data changes (#12327)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/modules/account_data_callbacks.md

# Account data callbacks

> Account data callbacks allow module developers to react to change with the account data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Account data callbacks allow module developers to react to changes of the account data
```

of local users. Account data callbacks can be registered using the module API's
`register_account_data_callbacks` method.

## Callbacks

> The available presence router callbacks are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The available account data callbacks are:
```

### `on_account_data_change`

_First introduced in Synapse v1.57.0_

```python

> async def on_account_data_change(

Reviewer: Looks like we also have an `on_user_deactivation_status_changed` callback.

> async def on_account_data_change(

Author: Agreed, let's go with past tense and try to stick to it.
